it's quite conclusive that Illinois is
unable to cope with the heavy debt
burden which it faces the government is
scrambling to patch up the holes in the
financials this obviously can happen so
some sort of bailout will occur Pension
funds may be looted assets may be sold
off and the policy of taking from the
middle class and giving it to the elite
through corporate takeovers will persist
for eternity you came here for the truth
so let me unveil that for you let's take
a look at Illinois and then show you
who's coming next looking at this right
away with Illinois they are struggling
to make a deal and unfortunately that
didn't go through so they had this idea
that we're going to pass this 36 billion
spending
plan and it looked like it was going to
have happen but unfortunately that just
didn't now they're dropping their
ratings to
junk they are in a very very precarious
position at this time because the
government can't decide what it wants to
do now how exactly would the funding
come about well let's think back in
history every single time a government
needs to make money what does it do it
goes to its citizens and increases
taxation this happens practically 100%
of the time if you're not aware well I
assure you just take a look at it and
you'll find every time they intend on
funding these schemes that they say are
going to fix the problem with increased
taxation I don't know what's going to
happen ultimately
with Illinois but in the long term it's
going to be
destroyed sure they can patch this up if
they get some sort of debt deal to
happen look at the debt ceiling that
Fiasco that happens so often in the US
it's just another one of those but every
single time people are getting screwed
over as a result they just don't know
because they don't really look into the
details of the actual programs polic
polies that are put in place it's just a
matter of okay is everything fixed okay
thank you very much government you are
so
wonderful road construction and Bridge
repairs may come to a halt at least one
agency threatened to downgrade the
junk and it's in the worst
situation right
now one of the issues you've probably
heard is that the lotteries are even
suspended I mean that's the level
of that's the level of Deb that's the
level of uncertainty that's going on
right now in Illinois so if you're not
from Illinois then you're safe right
well obviously I mean the government's
there to protect you and it's not your
government that's the problem it's their
government that's the
problem unfortunately that's not the
case they're all doing the same thing
thing they all have the same policies
that they put in place and there's no
way around it they all act the same they
have the same Masters to report to now
sure one state may be doing better than
others that's for sure there's no
question about that but they're all
going to face the music someday it's a
set of dominoes and they're all falling
you may be down the line in that row of
dominoes but they're coming for
you and you're asking the question which
I considered at the beginning and that
is who's next
well none other than Connecticut
Connecticut could be the next Domino to
fall or at least to be put into the same
position as
Illinois but why Connecticut I mean they
are doing so well they have so many
wealthy people that live there so what
is the reason well let's get into this
article quickly until it has a full
budget the state is not allowed to
approve a new general obligation Bond
bonds except for cash flow needs that's
right according to the new plan that
they have they are trying to force this
to happen his plan anticipates no
near-term deterioration of the state's
cash positions however with the ability
to issue new debt and replenish funds
for ongoing capital projects the state
could potentially need to borrow cash
flow as the years progress look it's
always the same case I'll read to you
this a 100 different articles 100
different areas of the world and it
seems like it's all the same
information one of the points that is
made
here is that you have such wealthy
people in Connecticut where why in the
world and they pay tax is definitely
lots of tax money coming in why are they
suffering well because your tax dollars
are not used to pay for things in the
government a lot of the times I mean
most of it a lot of that is simply money
squandered it goes off to different
corporations it goes to line the pockets
of this individual or that individual It
Gets Sent overseas probably to you know
these different um wealthy individuals
whether it's a monarchy or or Rothchilds
Rockefellers and who knows who else our
tax dollars are simply not used
properly when you look at the statistics
of poverty you take some of these
countries in Africa for
example you look at their population you
look at how much debt somehow that they
are in and you look at the figures for
how much money fore an aid let's say how
much is being sent to these countries
and there is a massive amount of
mismanagement I would use that word
lightly but we can see that the numbers
are off and it's very clear because if
you wanted to end Hunger within these
particular countries it wouldn't take a
fraction of the amount of money that's
going there spending on them and then
ultimately probably given to some
multinational corporation
that's the way our governments work they
take our money and they use it against
us they use it against
others it's terrible it's really
terrible Connecticut could be the next
one down the line it doesn't matter how
much
taxes this state brings in it simply
doesn't matter then you talk about
Puerto
Rico their historic buildings are
falling apart as the debt crisis and
enduring economic recession have SL SL
public and private funding for
maintenance repairs and restoration
tourists are increasingly banned from
visiting one banned from visiting once
popular sites now in dangerous
disrepair what's happening I thought
everything was okay in Puerto Rico now I
thought the government was willing to
bail it out it doesn't matter it really
doesn't matter you'll never be able to
get out of debt it's a simple matter of
fact if you are part of any government
structure at any level they will remain
in debt they will continue to be in debt
and the situation will only get worse
you as an individual you can get out of
debt it's possible don't worry about
that I talk about it in my
books
you
will not have to suffer the same
consequences as this the state in
general however they're putting that on
our backs that's why we need to get out
of it quickly because it's ready to
snap then you have this situation here
one one of the big issues are Pension
funds I have a lot of people contacting
me that they're worried about their
Pension funds and for good
reason I just want to take a look at
this very quickly for a second time in a
week Canadian Pension funds have
demonstrated that their debt offerings
are more than welcome anywhere even in
markets where they haven't been before
so this is an an initial debt offering
they raised 400 million the target was
reached right away no problem people
will want to buy up debt you got to
think about how ridiculous this concept
is they have this thing called debt it's
fictional it's created by the central
banks it
is a scheme to permanently introduce
poverty to the world and yet you can
take that if you are some sort of
Corporation multi-billion dollar
Corporation you could take this
fictional thing create something called
a debt instrument and sell it off to
people and produce
money
that's just absurd to even think about
but the worst part of all that sure if
you want to make money off of that snake
oil that's fine but when that debt which
doesn't even exist can collapse a nation
can collapse you and I that I've got a
problem with and that's basically the
underlying issue of the money GPS that's
what I talk about how all of these
criminal Central bankers and everyone
below is
all
complicit in this strategy to destroy
you and I that's what this is about
all right then we go to look at
different countries look at Portugal as
just one example
okay
126% debt to GDP ratio for Portugal they
got a bail out they were
helped yet they're still in debt you
told me this would be fixed you told me
that unemployment would decline well I'm
looking at 126% debt to GDP ratio
Portugal is not doing well in this case
sure you can go to Lisbon you can walk
around you could see beautiful buildings
you could see people at the markets
people shopping luxury Brands everything
else that's fine you'll see that but the
poverty I assure you I assure you is
not something to to be um to think
lightly of and that's really what I
wanted to connect to in my previous
point of how strange the concept of debt
is and how it ruins Nations
intentionally of
course all right
now the Pension funds look at this I
want to talk about this topic of the
daisy chain of financial engineering all
right this is the way it works a lot of
people don't know this I needed to bring
this out this is key so if you stayed
this far you're getting the good
information pent funds have to make
7.5% so they are putting their money in
these levered credit funds that mimic
ltcm or long-term Capital Management in
the '90s if you know about that you know
the disaster that that was those funds
in turn buy enormous amounts of
corporate bonds from companies which
puts cash onto the company balance
sheets and they use it to Jack their
stock up either through BuyBacks or
mergers and Acquisitions that's the way
this is
done so you have a problem
simultaneously you have stocks
continuously Rising right we know that
we know that central banks have been
pushing up the price and we know that
stock BuyBacks have also pushed up the
price but at the same time you're
entering into a state where the Pension
funds are being luded in order to do
this and it's okay it's fine nobody's
raising any alarm Bells nobody's having
an issue because everybody's making
money and then when we have our next
crash whenever it is that comes despite
what jenet Yellen says despite the fact
that she thinks you're an
idiot whenever that happens 5 years 10
years
whatever all of this will be exposed
if you expose it now it's sort of seen
as being fear-mongering and all this
stuff but if you expose it just after
the crash happens and you say look at
all these faults we knew about all of
this well then it's okay and then you
can point the
finger
sure
and you know it said that it's just a DA
daisy chain of financial engineering is
probably going to intensify in the
coming years years which I definitely
agree with
and it goes on to talk about basically
the the issue that Pension funds have in
the future because of this crisis that
will
ultimately um put
their assets let's call them I don't
agree with that but their Assets in
danger they're going to be gone people
with Pension funds
unfortunately I fear that most people
will not have them at a certain point
that's just the way I'm seeing it that's
me speaking from the heart if you found
this video informative please give me a
thumbs up giving me a thumbs up pushes
these videos higher up into YouTube
search rankings so I do appreciate that
if you want to look through my books
then definitely you can do that at
Amazon they have a look inside feature
you can actually flip through the pages
of the books the first book is about the
four asset classes and how to profit
from them and my new book global
economic collapse is is talking about
the money GPS strategy and that is your
tax incentives you're reducing your
monthly expenses and so on so you can
definitely check those out at Amazon if
you want the Audi book if you're not
into reading as much and you uh prefer
the audiobook instead that's at the
money
gps.com you can see that there and
that's all for this take care